Remove largely useless bit of test log to silence GCC 12 (#5976)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/selftest-gcc12.txt

Bugfix

>    * Silence a warning from GCC 12 in the selftest program. Fixes #5974.

Reviewer: Hmm, when I read "silence a warning" I expect the functionality to remain the same but expressed in a different way

What do you think about

```suggestion
   * Remove code in the selftest program that caused a bogus use-after-free
     warning in GCC 12. Fixes #5974.
```

Reviewer: (I'd understand if there isn't time to change this now)
